[Silence.]
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today it's Billy Gray, one of America's favorite teenagers and a very wise young fella who joins his father in knowing what's best.
Say, Billy,
When you asked me to join you for a malted here in the drugstore, I wasn't so sure it was a good idea.
I was afraid your friends would hoot and holler when they saw you talking to a bear, but they've been real nice.
Boy, everyone knows you, Smokey, and what you stand for.
And that goes for the teenagers especially.
We don't goof off all the time, believe me.
I'll bet there isn't a boy or a girl anywhere who doesn't have a pretty good idea of what our forests mean to us and to the welfare of our country.
Those of us who are lucky enough to get into the forest, hunting, fishing, and camping, naturally we have a more personal feeling about the forest values and benefits.
We have a special reason to keep the trees green and growing, and the wildlife and their homes free from wildfire.
You might say we have a personal responsibility to be careful with fire, with matches, smokes, campfires, any fire when we're outdoors, even just driving along.
Yes sir, Smokey, I think you can count on America's young people doing their part in preventing forest fires.
We've got too big a stake in our forest not to.
Now for that chocolate malt.
What'll you have, Smokey?
Well, I'll take wild cherry, Billy.
And then I'll have to be getting back along the timber trail.
You know my friends here, the sons of the pioneers, they love the forest too.
Timber!
The mountains high, down the canyons wide.
Let me roam and ride, ride through timber.
When the day is done, by the campfires gleam, let me lie and dream, dream of timber.
Tall timbers calling, and the echoes ringing.
for nature sings a song along the timber trail. Blue shadows falling down the canyon's veil and the whispering pines entwine along the timber trail.
High in the sky
The love song of the trees Will blend and win Its way out on the breeze Tall timbers callin' Timbers and the echoes ring For all nature sings a song
Along the timber trail High in the sky afar
The love song of the trees will blend and win.
It's way out on the breeze.
Tall timbers callin' and the echoes ring.
For nature sings a song along the timber trail.
The timber trail.
Timber!
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again...
and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, prowling and a-growling and a-sniffing the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]
[Silence.]